For analyzing any datasets using LipidXplorer, the first step is to create a mfql format file that includes the details of the query to be analyzed and the parameters to define the run. With the diverse amount of data contained in a Mass Spectrometry output, all researchers eventually end up creating a large array of these mfql files for defining a wide range of queries. Creating these files manually is a labor-intensive and an error prone step. 
In order to address this problem, 
we have designed an automated perl script called parse_cdxml.pl that can create these mfql files from a more common type cdxml file. 
This script allows the users to submit the parameters through a command line and also provide a cdxml file containing the molecules they are interested in. 

The script takes these inputs and formats everything into a mfql format and outputs a file ready for use with LipidXplorer. 
With this script available to the researchers, they can save much valuable time with the automated generation of the mfql files.

To run the script in a command line terminal of Linux environment, only perl needs to be installed. 
There are no other software requirements. 
In the command line, the user can type 
	perl parse_cdxml.pl -h 
to get the help pages. 
The help pages have a detailed outline of all the arguments required by the script. 

The only input file needed by the script is the cdxml file with the structures of interest. 
Users can provide this file using the  --in argument. 

Users also need to provide 
	--nC the number of Carbon less and 
	--nO the number of Oxygen less

Users need to submit a name and code specific to the file run. 
If the script finds a name and code in the cdxml file, it will use these by default. 

Double bond ration (Dbr) is calculated automatically by default. 
Users can change this by supplying their own dbr values using the option --dbr and then entering the lower dbr value followed by a "-" sign followed by the upper dbr value. Users also have the option of selecting the mode for the run. 

By default, a negative mode is selected where protons are not added to the analysis. 
Users can set this to a positive mode using the --mode option followed by pos2H for adding two protons or posNa for adding one proton and one Sodium. 

A test file Test_Phenolics.cdxml is provided with the script. 
In the folder using the terminal window, the user can type the command:

perl parse_cdxml.pl --in Test_Phenolics.cdxml --out Test_Phenolics_out.mfql --name Phenolics --code tPh --dbr auto --nO 2 --nC 2  --mode neg --OMe no

The above command generates the output in mfql format in file Test_Phenolics_out.mfql 
Which has the compound name Phenolics and a code for the compound tPh.
The number of Oxygen less is 2 and the number of Carbon less is 2.
Dbr is set to calculate automatically and the mode is set to negative.
Any of these options can be changed as per the user's need of the settings for the run as mentioned above.

For help with the options, user can type:

perl parse_cdxml.pl -h

